(LOOΠΔ 1/3 has arrived at near the river)
HaSeul : I'm scared...
HaSeul : What shoud I do...?
ViVi : No scary thought, no scary whatever you see
(There are a lot of birds around the river!)
ViVi : (They’re) Eating bread!
(ViVi & HyunJin are excited about hanging out with the birds)
HyunJin : Maybe HaSeul would be very scared of it...
HeeJin : We were doing a group photo shoot
HaSeul : But when I was getting close to the birds
HaSeul : I was like.. shaking so hard..
HaSeul : So the director told me to get in the bus and take a rest
HaSeul : I think if we actually went there, we would almost pass out
HeeJin : Yes. We would really pass out.
(When will they get along with the birds?)